Come have another drink
OK
Hmm handsome guy
Praise me for so much wine and don't let me kiss
For this reason, this girl will roam the palace once
The courage has also become bigger hahaha
Emperor Emperor
OK
What about the little handsome guy just now? I'm tired of waiting for the Empress to come to this kind of place. I'm just greedy and want to find a place to drink
That's why I brought Yao'er
OK
Wow, where's your handsome boy?
Ah, I see.
You want to play peek-a-boo with me?
Little handsome guy little handsome guy
Your Majesty, I was wrong, Your Majesty
Your Majesty, I was wrong
Did you hijack the carriage?
Hey, little handsome guy, take it away
Your Majesty?
Hmm, so handsome.
Are you new here?
Why didn't you come and have a drink with us just now?
Well, walk and drink